How can you come?
I've decided.
Here is the Best Actor's press conference
They are all bosses in the film and television industry
What are you?
You think you are lucky to buy the same mask.
Can you impersonate him?
He's a cannibal.
Shameless
how
Now anyone can attend our dinner party.
It turns out that in your eyes
My weird and handsome identity as a female of Dragon Country
Isn't it enough for this conference?
If you know some medical skills, you will say that you are a ghost doctor
If you can fight, say you are a handsome woman
Who can prove that you are?
Why are you so thick-skinned?
What do you think?
What identity should I be in?
Of course young people like Ms. Lucky
That estimate
She is also the sister-in-law Huang Lian who has the invitation letter.
You look like this.
Do you have an invitation letter?
Film launch
I'd like to see it
Where did you conjure up invitations out of thin air?
Only one invitation can be entered.
I see what's wrong with you
Security guard
How come?
This person doesn't have an invitation.
And paranoid about getting in
I think it's either illegitimate or dog slaughtered.
For the safety of the introduction
Kicked me out of the house
I never thought I was a real person
Could it be that it's really a fake?
Who said I didn't ask for it?